Are these really your children?
Exactly.
This is the future heir to my private affairs group
Well, like father, like son.
My son inherited my music and talent
I'm sure his future is not to be underestimated either.
As you can see, right?
This kid is just like me
Is it engraved in the child?
Didn't you say before that you don't want a useless daddy?
So I'm still very useful
Ah, keep up the good work.
Ok haha
Ha Qi Shaosan still doesn't want to meet
I believe he will have a soft heart one day
I said I don't want to see your face again
Don't come again.
Ah, Daddy
Daddy is fine
It doesn't hurt. If it doesn't hurt, just leave.
Lest the dignified president get hurt with me
I can't explain it.
Character
I know you're mad at me.
All these years I've been mistaking Lily for you
Made you suffer a lot
Fortunately, the truth has now been defeated
Can you forgive me and
Enough, Xihancheng
Can't you understand human language?
Even if the injuries I have suffered can be written off
Can my five treasures come back to life?
He is my own flesh and blood
Did he deserve to die in the winter five years ago?